RTCRtpTransceiver: setCodecPreferences - improve docs (#34525)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcrtptransceiver/setcodecpreferences/index.md

    The codecs must always contain a codec for the media.

## Examples

### Creating the array of preferred codecs

The recommended way to set codec preferences is to first get the array of codecs that are actually supported for decoding received data, then reorder the list in decreasing preference order.

It is important to start with the list of codecs that are supported (and not a hard coded list of your preferred codecs), because you if you include any that aren't supported by the associated {{domxref("RTCRtpReceiver")}} the browser will throw an `InvalidAccessError` exception when you call the `setCodecPreferences()` method.
In addition, the array has to include appropriate codecs for retransmission, redundancy, and forward error correction, and starting with the list of supported codecs ensures that these are present.

You can get the codecs supported for decoding data using the {{domxref("RTCRtpReceiver.getCapabilities_static", "RTCRtpReceiver.getCapabilities()")}} static method as shown:

```js
const availReceiveCodecs = transceiver.receiver.getCapabilities("video").codecs;
```

> To reorder the codecs array to our preferred order, we can use the sorting fuction below to sort on MIME type (this comes from [setCodecPreferences is now in all browsers!](https://blog.mozilla.org/webrtc/cross-browser-support-for-choosing-webrtc-codecs/) in the Mozilla Blog).

Author: ```suggestion
To reorder the codecs array to our preferred order, we can use the sorting fuction below to sort on MIME type (this comes from [setCodecPreferences is now in all browsers!](https://blog.mozilla.org/webrtc/cross-browser-support-for-choosing-webrtc-codecs/) on blog.mozilla.org (2024)).
```

```js
function sortByMimeTypes(codecs, preferredOrder) {
  return codecs.sort((a, b) => {
    const indexA = preferredOrder.indexOf(a.mimeType);
    const indexB = preferredOrder.indexOf(b.mimeType);
    const orderA = indexA >= 0 ? indexA : Number.MAX_VALUE;
    const orderB = indexB >= 0 ? indexB : Number.MAX_VALUE;
    return orderA - orderB;
  });
}
```

The method takes the list of supported codecs, and an array containing the preferred MIME types, in decreasing order, and returns the array sorted in place.
The code below shows how this is used, assuming that you have already set up a peer connection (`peerConnection`):

```js
// Get supported codecs the sort using preferred codecs
const supportedCodecs = RTCRtpReceiver.getCapabilities("video").codecs;
const preferredCodecs = ["video/H264", "video/VP8", "video/VP9"];

> const sortedCodecs = sortByMimeTypes(supportedCodecs, preferredCodecs);

Reviewer: Yeah this is nice, very good addition! 👏🏻

## See also

> - [setCodecPreferences is now in all browsers!](https://blog.mozilla.org/webrtc/cross-browser-support-for-choosing-webrtc-codecs/) in the Mozilla Blog.

Reviewer: I believe this is the recommended format 🤔 

```suggestion
- [setCodecPreferences is now in all browsers!](https://blog.mozilla.org/webrtc/cross-browser-support-for-choosing-webrtc-codecs/) on blog.mozilla.org (2024)
```

Author: Thanks. I had a hand in that guideline, but it seems so long ago. In any case, it's a better format
